Multi stream logging docs (#822)
pinojs/pino: docs/help.md

ExecStart=/bin/sh -c '/path/to/node app.js | pino-transport'
```

<a id="multi-stream"></a>
## Log to different streams

> Default destination is `STDOUT`. If you want to use different streams based on log level you can use `pino-multi-stream`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pino's default log destination is the singular destination of `stdout`. While
not recommended for performance reasons, multiple destinations can be targeted
bu using [`pino-multi-stream`](https://github.com/pinojs/pino-multi-stream).
```

> In this example we use `STDERR` for `error` level and `stdout` as default for others (`debug`, `info`, `warn`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example we use `stderr` for `error` level logs and `stdout` as default
for all other levels (e.g. `debug`, `info`, and `warn`).
```

ExecStart=/bin/sh -c '/path/to/node app.js | pino-transport'
```

<a id="multi-stream"></a>
## Log to different streams

Pino's default log destination is the singular destination of `stdout`. While
not recommended for performance reasons, multiple destinations can be targeted

> bu using [`pino-multi-stream`](https://github.com/pinojs/pino-multi-stream).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
by using [`pino-multi-stream`](https://github.com/pinojs/pino-multi-stream).
```

Small typo correction.
